we bravely keep going because
television perhaps more than any other
medium
can keep us connected informed and
entertained
it can also bore us but tonight let's
try to ignore that as we reward various
people
while keeping the kind of distance from
them that i've dreamed of my entire life
it is sad that it has taken a pandemic
to enforce the most basic parameters
of personal space one man who knows how
to honour my boundaries
by maintaining a ten thousand mile
buffer between us whenever he can
is tim mentioned timothy thank you for
not joining me
from sydney
perhaps my greatest fear among my many
fears
vis-a-vis covert 19 is that in the
coming years
there will be even more film and
episodic
tv about zombies
i think i'll write a zombie film set in
hollywood
in which the writers all get bitten by a
zombie carrying a disease
which when you are infected manifests in
a desire to write
zombie films
i know our job is to hold the mirror up
to society but i've been avoiding
mirrors of late cause it's got so
goddamn ugly
remember when cersei lannister was
absurd hyperbole
but now she seems quite tame and her
naked walk of shame being pelted with
human pets
is just what we daily do on twitter
i know i sound better but tell me how do
you make great art
when reality has jumped to shock
let's raise your rafters it's the 2020
but
there's no one stronger than an artist
in a crisis
[Music]
to give each other prizes
if there's no one to applaud me who am i
no camera to record these real
tears that i cry will i just
if an actor dressed as a tree falls in a
forest
and the self tape doesn't upload
does she even exist
and if matilda stays closed am i still
rich
welcome you are g martyrs to the 2020
baftas
told me who is the designer of your
tracks tell me tell me
let's get through these awards then get
back to
our real jobs signing virtuous
petitions
to all you clever nominees i hope you're
very
very pleased i'm not bitter that my show
wasn't nominated
[Applause]
[Music]
it's gonna
[Applause]
sarcastic or sardonic we better hand you
back
to richard iowa
[Music]
good luck everyone the bafta
goes to
naomi aki the end of the effing world
oh
oh man are you serious oh wait
i gotta get my phone up to um
this is not the time to text sorry okay
uh i'd like to thank charlie cover
destiny carragher dominic buchanan karma
cochrane lucy forbes
jess bardon alex will author and a whole
o'clock in my films this
oh my god and my dad i love my dad and
he's been so supportive
i know my mum up in the clouds would be
so proud
and my sister oh man
i'm really happy this this makes
lockdown so much better
thank you so much
all right good luck guys and
the bafta goes to
[Music]
will sharp jeery
hello good evening from the recent past
i've just filmed a version of this in
slow motion
by mistake so i'm hoping that this one
works sorry not to be there with you
live
but i'd just like to say thank you to
bafta thank you to jane featherstone
chris fry suzy leggett everyone at
sister pictures
thank you to tak kelly yorsuke owie all
my fellow cast members
thank you also to julian farino and ben
cessel both
incredibly brilliant generous kind
directors from whom i learnt an awful
lot
and thank you joe barton for writing
such beautifully funny and complex
characters and in this case a half
japanese one and just to say that it was
enough for me to have had the
opportunity to play the role
and so whether this clip sees the light
of day or not
i have been and will remain incredibly
grateful for for all of it so thank you
very much
the award for female performance in a
comedy is completely different
to that of a male performance in a
comedy
and here to talk about this at length is
the bafta
award-winning greg davies
[Music]
hello richard how are you greg i'm all
right thank you
i'm very excited are you i'm very
excited because
my program just won a bafta oh yeah we
we said that don't override it
oh what are you here for well i'm here
to meet the nominees aren't we
well yeah all right here they are hello
everyone
hey hi potentially congratulations
i haven't got one yet no i know i said
potentially
no the hair the hair huh let's grab
i'm going to go straight to the um i'm
going to go straight to the scripted
stuff
it's all right but i'm going to do it in
a seamless manner
go on hello
women in comedy are at the vanguard of
the best work being produced today
female lead shows rightly dominate any
sensible discussion on originality
and it's a great thrill to be asked to
present the bafta for best
female performance in a comedy bafta is
keen to celebrate
all four of the nominees in this
important category
and you know how i know that because
they
are watching in from the safety of their
homes
whereas i am here in a studio
during a global pandemic i suppose i
should just be grateful
that i wasn't asked to present this
whilst teetering on the edge of an
active volcano
or panic surfing on a tsunami the
message
is clear bafta has its favorites
and the rest of us are nothing more than
cannon fodder
ayawati thinks this is a career high for
him it isn't mate
we're both collateral damage the moment
there's a vaccine
norton will be parachuted straight back
in where's norton
is he here no he's not he's at home
wearing a mask
where it's safe
that said one honor it is to present the
award
and here are the nominees
[Music]
and the bafta goes to
sean clifford for fleabag
oh wow
i don't think you can see phoebe but uh
uh
oh my god sorry this is so unexpected
oh my god i don't even believe in
competition and
all of the women that i'm recognized
with including the world
including the one who i wouldn't even be
who
because of oh my god this is
unbelievable thank you
thank you to everyone in my jury i was
on a jury for the first time this year
in fact it was my
first zoom of uh of lockdown so
it was memorable and the connection was
terrible so thank you to everyone who
like
endured that process um
thank you to everyone involved on our
project you've
been incredible i wouldn't be here like
there is no clear without fleabag
um i honestly don't i don't know what to
say this is
so stupid and so weird and so surreal
and sarah and bemi you're amazing and
um i hope you're celebrating today
because we're all winners here
um it's all kind of a nonsense really
it's
thank you a beautiful mess thank you
thank you thank you i think the word you
were looking for were you beat
phoebe um and that is why we need camera
people
okay get a grip
thank you thank you uh
first of all i just want to say thank
you to bafta for giving me this
opportunity and
finally recognizing i'm joking i'm very
proud
uh i just want to start by thanking my
mom and dad winston and eve for giving
me life
i'm about that i wouldn't be here and
also my children or
riaz izzy and winston
to my beautiful wife sabrina thank you
guys i couldn't live without you
um listen i when i first got this award
i was like wow it's a bit early for a
lifetime achievement award
uh i was wrong it's a special award and
it is special
and i appreciate it i know that i don't
believe i'm very special i believe that
what i've been given as an opportunity
and what i've done has taken my
opportunity and handed it backwards
and handed it to other people that need
that opportunity that is something
that you know what i didn't plan to do
it's just a natural
um feeling it's a natural uh
reaction uh i feel very grounded coming
from east london where i
was born and raised and i know that you
know
in east london we treat people we try to
treat people with respect because
everyone comes from the same cloth and
in the world of film and television
nothing is different in that sense
in other words no one's different so me
giving opportunity to someone else is
just part of my inheritance part of my
my upbringing um i'm hoping that from
this
point on in this world in this junction
that everyone sees
that you can't make it without anyone
else that we
all think about paying it backwards to
the person behind you
so they get an opportunity that's
definitely why i think i've got this
award
um one day i might get an acting award
but until that day i'm gonna make
more opportunity for more actors more
writers and more people to come and
speak and tell their story
thanks so much i appreciate it
[Music]
no no no we agreed you would do this bit
and i would do the uh and the bafta goes
too
no we absolutely categorically
we agreed completely the opposite i'm
not giving you all the glory oh come on
it's
soundly glory is it well then you'll be
fine doing the other bit then go on
start
[Music]
i'm not doing it nevermind well it's
gonna be a
long night isn't it
oh jesus all right uh the nominees for
best miniseries are
right um and the winner is
hey gavin and stacy
nessa proposes to smithy congratulations
oh wow can you hear us
yes i'm delighted we can thank you
that is incredible we were up against
such competition
thank you so much you know bringing the
show back after 10 years was
such a big deal for us and we weren't
sure how it was going to be received
and it had such a great response um
there are so many people that we have to
thank thank you to everybody that was
involved in making the show it was
a really joyous experience for us all
and this winning this bafta is immense
yes thank you very much to everybody
that voted and
to our cast and their whole crew made
the show
and uh this is a a lovely
this is some lovely icing on a already
really
lovely cake i'm delighted with any other
cake references you'd like to add
i just want to sink my teeth into that
bathtub
and suck all the sugary juice out of it
there she is okay
let's end on that metaphor and i hope
the photo comes out nice from that booth
ruth
[Music]
the bafta goes to
jared harris chernobyl
wow uh that's a surprise
um after you've uh you've ruined my
losing streak i'm annoyed at you
you know the show's won a lot of uh
accolades and i think that's uh
that's testament to craig mazin and
caroline strauss
and uh james featherstone stewardship
i'd say the best
decision they make was was to put every
single episode
in um johann rank's hand he's a he's a
badass and i'd do it again with him in
the heartbeat
there's a couple of people who were on
the similar street that i was on and i
want to just give him a shout out um
uh nina gold and robert stern the
casting department and the amazing
swivel pip daniel parker
um also i want to say a quick shout out
to carrie antholos uh
he was at hbo and i think he was the
first person who said yes to
um yesterday chernobyl and he was
actually the first person that i met
after i've been cast and about about 10
minutes into our meeting he looked at me
and he said um
jared i hope you don't mind me telling
you this but you weren't our first
choice
and uh then he said would you like to
know who what
and i said oh i would yes very much
daniel day-lewis
but he retired from acting um
i just like said quick to daniel uh
don't stay away too long you know i miss
seeing you up there
and finally um to my best friend and to
my wife
allegra uh she's always got my back
i share everything with her and i share
this with her bless you i love you with
all my heart
thank you guys thank you to basta bless
you thank you jared congratulations
i'm also no one's first choice
[Music]
and the bafta goes to
glenda jackson for elizabeth is missing
i'm absolutely stunned um
thank you very much indeed i mean it was
a privilege to do the show
and even more of a privilege to be
linked to these marvelous actresses
there should be four awards
tonight but anyway thank you very much
indeed
thank you
if they would let me trade i'd
give a year for half a day just
curled up on the sofa with you
[Music]
we'd wandered down to cut a slow
ate fish and chips in the final glow
i'd hold my breath for
[Music]
i forgive you
sometimes i feel you with me
in the dark
and your face is in the face
as of the strangest walking by me
in the park